update(supernets): CheckpointManager contract (#1343)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/supernets/contracts/checkpoint-manager.md

### initialize

```js
function initialize(
    IBLS newBls,
    IBN256G2 newBn256G2,
    bytes32 newDomain,
    uint256 chainId_,
    Validator[] calldata newValidatorSet
 ) external initializer {
    // Implementation details ...
}
```

This function is the initializer for the CheckpointManager contract.
It sets the following contract dependencies and parameters:

- `newBls`: The address of the BLS library contract.
- `newBn256G2`: The address of the BN256G2 library contract.
- `newDomain`: The domain to use when hashing messages to a point.
- `chainId_`: The chain ID of the Ethereum network.
- `newValidatorSet`: The array of validators to seed the contract with.

>   This is passed as calldata so that thecontract doesn't have to be initialized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is passed as calldata so that the contract doesn't have to be initialized
```
